Section upgrade (#115)
aphp/edsnlp: docs/pipelines/misc/sections.md

  | `actes`                       |             |
  | `motif`                       |             |
  | `prescriptions`               |             |
  | `traitements sortie`          |             |
  | `evolution`                   |             |
  | `modalites sortie`            |             |
  | `vaccinations`                |             |

>   | `introduction_CR`             |             | -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | `introduction`             |             | -->
```

Could we skip the '_' and even the CR (since every expected doc is a CR) ?

<!-- ![Section extraction](/resources/sections.svg){ align=right width="35%"} -->

The pipeline extracts section title. A "section" is then defined as the span of text between two titles.

Remarks :

> - section `introduction_CR` corresponds to the span of text between the header "COMPTE RENDU D'HOSPITALISATION" (usualy denoting the begining of the document) and the title of the following detected section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the `introduction` section corresponds to the span of text between the header "COMPTE RENDU D'HOSPITALISATION" (usually denoting the beginning of the document) and the title of the following detected section
```
